docs(tutorials): clickhouse (#1051)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/deploy-clickhouse-database/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Deploying ClickHouse® on Scaleway Instances

>   description: How to deployClickHouse® on Scaleway Instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: How to deploy ClickHouse® on Scaleway Instances
```

content:
  h1: Deploying ClickHouse® on Scaleway Instances
  paragraph: How to deploy ClickHouse® on Scaleway Instances
tags: compute instances clickhouse database data management big-data
categories:
  - compute
  - instances
dates:
  validation: 2022-12-01
  posted: 2022-12-01
---

> ClickHouse® is an open-source column-oriented database management system that allows generating analytical data reports in real-time. It uses a user-friendly SQL query dialect, provides built-in analytics capabilities, and its performance exceeds all other column-oriented database management systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse® is an open-source column-oriented database management system that allows you to generate analytical data reports in real-time. It uses a user-friendly SQL query dialect, provides built-in analytics capabilities, and its performance exceeds all other column-oriented database management systems.
```
